Part III deals with models that enable Bryce to compose music wrt the pattern of a given song, artist, and genre.
Intuition:
Think of an onion, and let the top layer of the onion represent the voice that carries an internal dialogue in our heads. The
conventional understanding of ‘voice’ and ‘dialogue’ implies that the language of this dialogue is fundamentally reliant on the
use of words, yet this is a misconception. Language, in its most intuitive form, is a method of communication one has developed
internally i.e. conscious and subconscious internalizations of sensory input. The emotion we feel when a scent is inhaled or the
goosebumps we get when a song is played are all dialects of the same language. Words serve the function of approximating these
experiences such that they are tangible to others. Here the top layer merely serves as a translation of these experiences into
words, so that they all may be understood in simplest terms. Language, then, can be understood as all the experiences a
conscious human endures. The translation of one ‘dialect’ to another can be understood as relating different modalities of
experience. A composer, then, writes scores as a way of expressing 'structured' thought.

The model will first interpret a song and find patterns that exist among (singular and sequences) of notes, chords, and
progressions. This approximation can then be built to envelop an artist and a genre. The set of patterns that exist among songs,
artists, and genres serve to approximate the entirity of piano music by then creating a datastructure which allows for the patterns
to gain semantic meaning.

For a more general understanding please read:
Emotions in Music - Jenefer Robinson, Robert S. Hatten
https://www.academia.edu/33803975/Emotions_in_Music
- cymatics

the end goal is to create a web/ structure that can talk about itself about itself sort of how Gödelization allowed for theorems
to talk about themselves. I wish to invoke a sort of Gödelian strange loop to talk about music itself where the thms
may be those listed in music theory among other things, enabling the centipede to gain a perspective on composition. 



work in progress ...

